## [X] 6/3/19

### DotJS : [Revisiting `node_modules`](https://www.dotconferences.com/2018/11/mael-nison-revisiting-node-modules)

#####  `node_modules` Aren't Great 
  * There are a lot of I/O requirements for `node_modules` 
    * 30,000+ files required for a typical project, must be copied from the cache into the project folder
    * Impractical for the HTTP use case
    * Has negative runtime impact
  * Limiting factor in the optimization space : Impossible to fully optimize a dependency tree
    * Multiple versions of the same dependency could be used, path conflicts
    * Node will instantiate it twice
  * Permit unsafe accesses
    * Forgetting to list a package dependency in `package.json` won't necessarily break the program.  
    * This happens because of hoisting.
    
* What is the solution?
  * The Node resolution is to **make no assumptions**
    * Currently: `node_modules`
      * When a `require` call is made, node will ask it self over and over again: "Does this file exist? No? Look into the parent folder..." 
      * This will continue until the file is found.  Node deals purely with the files and directories
      * It knows nothing about the packages itself.
    * Instead: `.pnp.js`
      * yarn knows both about the packages and the independencies
      * Instead of generating a `node_modules` folder, we would generate a single javascript file: `.pnp.js` file.
      * It contains all the location of the packages on the disk and their dependencies.  Node will know exactly where to look for the packages by looking through the maps.  **No `require` calls are needed**
    * Results:
      * Faster installs in every case
      * Immediate installs across multiple projects
      * Strict safety mechanisms for ensure consistency
      * Enable tight integrations with the dependency tree
        * No risk that a project doesn't exist anymore.


### Leetcode(1)

* wordSubsets [#916](https://leetcode.com/problems/word-subsets/submissions/) : **Completed**
    * Useful code blocks 
        ```javascript
        // COUNT LETTERS OF A STRING
        const maxLetterCountOfStr = (arr)=>{
            const letterCount = new Array(26).fill(0); // each index represents the lowercase letters
            for(let i in arr){
                const a = "a".charCodeAt()
                let curr = arr[i].charCodeAt()
                letterCount[curr-a]++;
            }
            return letterCount
        }

        // COUNT MAX OCCURRENCE OF LETTERS OF A SET OF STRINGS

        const maxLetterCountOfSubset = (arr)=>{
        let result = new Array(26).fill(0);
        for(let i in arr){
            let letterCountOfStr = maxLetterCountOfStr(arr[i]);
            result = result.map((letter, i) => Math.max(letter, letterCountOfStr[i]));
        }
        return result;
        ```
    * This problem was very difficult as the input from Leetcode was had many repeating values.  First failure was due to timeout.  The algorithm would perform duplicate iterations.  This is not optimal but much better than before

    * When using map, make sure to initialze the results to a variable.
        ```javascript
        let x = [1,2,3,4,5];

        x.map(()=>9);
        // x = [1,2,3,4,5]

        x = x.map(()=>9);
        // x = [9,9,9,9,9]
        ```

### [Differences](https://www.activestate.com/blog/python-vs-java-duck-typing-parsing-whitespace-and-other-cool-differences/) and Similarities Between Python and Java

#### Similarities
* "Almost everything is an object" design
* compiled down to bytecodes that run on virtual machines.
* 

#### Differences
* Duck Typing
    * Java is statically types, Python is dynamically typed
    * Python: names in code are bound to strongly typed objects at runtime.  THe only condition on the type of objject a name refers to is that it supports the operations required for the particular object instances in the program.

#### I honestly dont really understand this article at all.  Read later?
