# Designing Data-Intensive Aplications (1-7)

## Chapter 1 - Reliable, Scalable, and Maintainable Applications 

* Applications today are _data-intensive_, as opposed to _computer-intensive_
    - Raw CPU power is rarely a limiting factor for thie applications
    - Bigger probems are usually the amount of data, the complexity of data, and the speed at which it is changing

* A data-intensive application is typically builyt from standard building blocks that provide commonly needed functionality
    1. **Databases:** store data so that they, or another application, can find it again
    2. **Caches:** remember the result of an expensive operation, to speed up reads
    3. **Search Indexes:** allow users to search data by keywords or filters
    4. **Stream Processing:** send a message to anohter process, to be handled asynchronously
    5. **Batch Processing:** periodicaly crunch a large amount of accumulated data   

### Thinking About Data Systems <hr>

* Many new tools for data stroage and processing have emerged in recent years.  Since they are optimized for a variety of different use cases, they no longer neatly fit into traditional categories.
    - **Redis:** datastores that are also used a message queues
    - **Apache Kafka:** message queues with database-like durability guarantees

* Modern applications have wide-ranging requirements that a single tool can no longer meet all of its data processing and storage needs.
    - Instead, the work is broken down into tasks that can be performed efficiently on a single tool
    - Those tools are stitched together using application code

* Questions to ask when designing a data system
    - How do you ensure that the data remains correct and complete, even when things go wrong internally?
    - How do you provide consistently good performance to clients, even when parts of your system are degraded?
    - How do you scale to handle an increase in load?
    - What does a good API for the service look like?

* Three concerns that are important in most software systems
    - **Reliability:** the system should continue to work correctly even in the face of adversity (hardware or software faults)
    - **Scalability:** as the system grows (in data volumne, traffic volume, or complexity) there should be reasonable ways of dealing with that growth.
    - **Maintainability:** Over time, many different people will work on the system, both maintaining current behabior and adapting the system to new use cases.  They should be able to work on it productively.